Add known issue entry to changelog about Beats not loading data streams correctly in 8.1 (#31214)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

- Prevent panic when querying Npcap version on Windows. {issue}30820[30820] {pull}30821[30821]

==== Known Issue

*Affecting all Beats*

> - During setup the Beat does not load the data stream. Thus, when running the Beat with a user that does not have enough priviledges, publishing fails with the following error: `action [indices:admin/auto_create] is unauthorized for user [publisher] with roles [publisher], this action is granted by the index privileges [auto_configure,create_index,manage,all]`. The workaround is to either install the data stream manually using the following call: `PUT /_data_stream/{beatname}-8.1` or give `manage` permission on the data stream `{beatname}-8.1` temporarly to the publishing user. {issue}30647[30647] {pull}31048[31048]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- During setup the Beat does not load the data stream. Thus, when running the Beat with a user that does not have enough privileges, publishing fails with the following error: `action [indices:admin/auto_create] is unauthorized for user [publisher] with roles [publisher], this action is granted by the index privileges [auto_configure,create_index,manage,all]`. The workaround is to either install the data stream manually using the following call: `PUT /_data_stream/{beatname}-8.1` or to give `manage` permission on the data stream `{beatname}-8.1` to the publishing user temporarily. {issue}30647[30647] {pull}31048[31048]
```

- Add automated OEM Npcap installation handling. {pull}29112[29112] {pull}30438[30438] {pull}30493[30493]
- Add support for capturing TLS random number and OCSP status request details. {issue}29962[29962] {pull}30102[30102]

==== Known Issue

*Affecting all Beats*

> - During setup the Beat does not load the data stream. Thus, when running the Beat with a user that does not have enough priviledges, publishing fails with the following error: `action [indices:admin/auto_create] is unauthorized for user [publisher] with roles [publisher], this action is granted by the index privileges [auto_configure,create_index,manage,all]`. The workaround is to either install the data stream manually using the following call: `PUT /_data_stream/{beatname}-8.1` or give `manage` permission on the data stream `{beatname}-8.1` temporarly to the publishing user. {issue}30647[30647] {pull}31048[31048]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- During setup the Beat does not load the data stream. Thus, when running the Beat with a user that does not have enough privileges, publishing fails with the following error: `action [indices:admin/auto_create] is unauthorized for user [publisher] with roles [publisher], this action is granted by the index privileges [auto_configure,create_index,manage,all]`. The workaround is to either install the data stream manually using the following call: `PUT /_data_stream/{beatname}-8.1` or to give `manage` permission on the data stream `{beatname}-8.1` to the publishing user temporarily. {issue}30647[30647] {pull}31048[31048]
```
